welcome to the man of recaps this is
fear the walking dead season six episode
12. and remember you can watch all these
new episodes of fear the walking dead on
amc plus plus check out other great
shows and lose yourself in their epic
worlds
the episode begins with grace taking a
nap she's attacked by walkers but oh
saved by this random new girl but wait
what's this grace isn't pregnant anymore
and everything looks like a surreal
dreamscape yes it's a dream episode
and grace is hallucinating her grown-up
daughter athena they go to visit the
damn settlement and meet old man morgan
yes morgan jones has grown up into
morgan freeman and morgan's hidden
valley ranch is doing great it's a
beautiful paradise now just like they
always hoped unfortunately grace is not
here to see it she died in childbirth
that's too bad but at least she's here
now in this time traveling dream
hallucination to get to know her
daughter we see how all our friends are
doing in this imaginary future
june dory going by dr june with charlie
as her medical intern daniel salazar
given a haircut to strand these two
became best friends dwight has grown an
epic beard and he's worked things out
with sherry they're living happily ever
after with two kids they go on a little
walk with grace's daughter athena but
then they find a car with the end as the
beginning on it
and oh explosion it was a car bomb
things start to get weird and grace has
a realization
this isn't real yeah you think the car
bomb triggers her memory that happened
in real life yes she's unconscious right
now going into labor
in a dire situation the zombies are all
killed though by the end is the
beginning crew yes it's their captain
riley who set up the car bomb to get
that key from morgan
in dreamland grace and athena realized
they gotta go get to that building where
greece is in real life
on the way mother and daughter bond and
they finally have a tearful moment where
it's like hey girl i'm gonna die in
childbirth but like you'll live and be
happy so while they have a dream fight
against zombie versions of the end of
the beginning crew morgan's fighting
them in real life cause he's not handing
over that key he's going kung fu stick
master on him and he's not holding back
he's using the sharp end here in the end
he stabs riley in the shoulder so he's
able to escape then in dreamland grace
says a final farewell to her daughter
cause she's gotta wake up
she's like what's up morgan i'm back i
had a dream of the future where you had
hair
but what's this oh truck crashing in yes
riley's come back and this time he
brought a gun
no the one thing that can beat morgan
stick he's like yo just give me that key
and i'll go and grace is like morgan you
can give it to him it's fine i've seen
the future it's all gonna work out so
morgan hands over the key
watch out nuclear apocalypse incoming
then grace goes into labor for real
accepting that she's gonna die here but
her daughter will live
except they pull a switch on us because
grace is fine but her daughter is
stillborn
no oh that vision of the future it was
all a dream that's not how things are
going
and that's where the episode comes to an
end now you already know amc plus is the
place for all things the walking dead
but you also get access to a ton of
other great shows
looking for an action-packed crime drama
you gotta watch gangs of london enter
the violent streets of fictional modern
london as sean wallace hunts down his
father's killer and rises to the top of
the criminal underworld maybe you're
into the punk fantasy world of the watch
where an unlikely group of misfits have
to find the guts to save the world
a comedy adventure with wizards
werewolves and dragons i mean come on i
gotta check it out discover the romance
thriller a discovery of witches where
witches vampires and demons live among
us
a dangerous mystery and a forbidden
romance this kind of thing's my guilty
pleasure if horror is your thing you're
just in time for shutters halfway to
halloween month with a packed lineup of
new horror shows and movies catch new
episodes of creep show season 2
still the most fun you'll ever have
being scared so click the link in the
description to sign up for your 7 day
free trial of amc plus now get all the
walking dead content you love
plus explore the rest of their epic
worlds if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member